---
permalink: /security/
title: Plotly Security
layout: single
---

## Plotly Security Vulnerability Bounty Program

If you have found a security vulnerability, please email <accounts@plot.ly> with steps to reproduce the problem. Please allow up to 24 hours for an initial response. 

In some cases, we will award a monetary compensation for these bounties. These rewards are entirely up to our security team's discretion. In general, we follow these guidelines:
- The amount of the reward is based off of the complexity of successfully exploiting the vulnerability, the potential exposure, as well as the percentage of impacted users and systems.
- If we are already aware of vulnerability then we will not issue an award.
- If the vulnerability has a very low impact, e.g. it requires a very obscure web browser, then we will usually not issue a monetary award.

In discovering these bounties, we ask that you:
- You give us reasonable time to investigate and mitigate an issue you report before making public any information about the report or sharing such information with others.
- You do not interact with an individual account (which includes modifying or accessing data from the account) if the account owner has not consented to such actions.
- You make a good faith effort to avoid privacy violations and disruptions to others, including (but not limited to) destruction of data and interruption or degradation of our services.
- You do not exploit a security issue you discover for any reason. (This includes demonstrating additional risk, such as attempted compromise of sensitive company data or probing for additional issues.)
- You do not violate any other applicable laws or regulations.

Aditional legal terms:

By participating in Plotly's Bug Bounty program (the "Program"), you acknowledge that you have read and agree to Plotly's [terms of service](https://plot.ly/terms-of-service/) as well as the following:
- you’re not participating from a country against which the United States has issued export sanctions or other trade restrictions, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, the Sudan and Syria.
- your participation in the Program will not violate any law applicable to you, or disrupt or compromise any data that is not your own.
- you are solely responsible for any applicable taxes, withholding or otherwise, arising from or relating to your participation in the Program, including from any bounty payments.
- Plotly reserves the right to terminate or discontinue the Program at its discretion.
