---
layout: support
title: Chart Studio Cloud Support
subtitle: Help with your Chart Studio Cloud account
permalink: /chart-studio-cloud-support/
---

#### A Note About Enterprise Product Support

If you are a Dash Enterprise or Chart Studio Enterprise customer, please disregard the instructions below and contact your local administrator for instructions on how to reach Plotly Support.

#### Chart Studio Cloud Chat Support

If you are a Chart Studio Cloud customer with an active paid Personal or Professional Plan, you may use our chat support (during working hours in Montréal, Québec, Canada) by [signing in](https://chart-studio.plot.ly/Auth/login/) and clicking on the chat icon in the bottom right corner of the screen. If you do not see this icon, please disable any ad-blockers in your browser, and/or confirm that you do in fact have an active paid plan (see below).

Student and Community Plans do not grant you to access to chat support, and we would direct you to our community forums at [https://community.plot.ly/c/chart-studio](https://community.plot.ly/c/chart-studio) where you can ask our community for help.

#### Chart Studio Cloud Plan Status

You may check the status of your Plan any time by visiting [https://chart-studio.plot.ly/settings/subscription](https://chart-studio.plot.ly/settings/subscription). If your account is on a Community Plan and was previously on a paid Plan, see below.

#### Chart Studio Cloud Payment Sunset

As of October 1, 2019, Chart Studio Cloud Plan subscriptions no longer auto-renew, and as of August 1, 2019, it is no longer possible to upgrade beyond the Community Plan. If you previously had a paid plan and are now on the Community Plan, most likely your subscription has expired. For any questions about this process, please [email accounts@plot.ly](mailto:accounts@plot.ly).

If you would like to upgrade to Chart Studio Enterprise, please [click here for pricing information](https://go.plot.ly/get-pricing).

#### Deleting a Chart Studio Cloud Account

To delete your Chart Studio Cloud account, please [email accounts@plot.ly](mailto:accounts@plot.ly) from the email address associated with your account requesting a deletion.

#### Billing, Invoices and Refunds

If you have a concern with anything related to billing, invoicing or refund, please [email accounts@plot.ly](mailto:accounts@plot.ly) from the email address associated with your account.
